# DESIGN-OF-A-LANGUAGE-OF-ENSIAS-AND-REALIZATION-OF-ITS-COMPILER-WITH-THE-C-LANGUAGE

The number of computer languages ​​existing today is quite huge and
continues to grow. Machine languages ​​are used in several
areas for different purposes, They are diversified according to the purpose of use or
business requirements. Thus, they range from traditional programming languages ​​like
C, C ++ and Java by going to markup languages ​​(i.e. markup in French) such as
HTML and XML or even modeling languages ​​like UML. The integration of a
new programming language, offering a plus, requires study and analysis
in-depth analysis that is the subject of this report.
In order to apply the methodologies and concepts taught during the course
compilation, we are invited to carry out a project that will allow us to apply
our theoretical knowledge on the practical field. The purpose of this compilation project is
the development of a programming language as well as a compiler for analysis
lexical and syntactic. To do this, we relied, on the one hand, on the structure
VHDL language which is a hardware description language, used to describe
synchronous or asynchronous logic systems and on the other hand on the logic of languages
programming taught during the past two years in order to give birth to
a new language combining between the two structures.
This work is intended for the presentation of the language produced and will be
structured as follows:
The first part is devoted to the presentation of the main elements
of our language generated by an LL1 grammar. The second part focuses on
the lexical analyzer and its different parts, namely the list of tokens, and the functions
used. Finally, a third part is intended for the presentation of the analyzer
syntax, in particular the syntax tree and the functions of this PARSER.
